= randomizer

The purpose of this gem is to generate realistic test data.

== Users

Generate a random user like so:

  u = RandomUser.new

The following fields are available (all except the name are lazily-loaded):

* first_name, last_name, full_name: Chosen from lists of common first and last names in the United States.
* nickname: short one-word all-lowercase name appropriate for a username/login/handle, based on real name.
* password: random eight characters.
* email: email address based on nickname and common email domains.
* avatar_url: URL to an avatar image on allavatars.com.

If a nickname or email address is taken, you can regenerate them:

  u.regenerate_nickname
  u.regenerate_email

== Random text

Generate a random text like so:

  g = MarkovTextGenerator.new
  g.random(2)

This will generate two sentences of text based on the Markov algorithm.  The initializer accepts any sufficiently-long
string to be used as a pattern.  The gem includes Aesop's fairy tales (used by default), Alice in Wonderland, the
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, and Latin gibberish (lorem ipsum...).

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Paul Canavese. See LICENSE for details.
